Update-jwt-docs (#7236)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/authentication-backends/jwt.md

`jwt_url_parameter` | If the token is not transmitted in the HTTP header but rather as an URL parameter, define the name of the parameter here.
`subject_key` | The key in the JSON payload that stores the username. If not set, the [subject](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.2) registered claim is used.
`roles_key` | The key in the JSON payload that stores the user's roles. The value of this key must be a comma-separated list of roles.

> `required_audience` | The name of the audience which the JWT must specify. You can set single or multiple values by using the `,` delimeter such as `project1` or `project1,admin`. If you set multiple values, the JWT must have at least one required audience. This corresponds [`aud` claim of the JWT](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`required_audience` | The name of the audience which the JWT must specify. You can set a single value (for example, `project1`) or multiple comma-separated values (for example, `project1,admin`). If you set multiple values, the JWT must have at least one required audience. This parameter corresponds to the [`aud` claim of the JWT](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3).
```

> `required_audience` | The name of the audience which the JWT must specify. You can set a single value (for example, `project1`) or multiple comma-separated values (for example, `project1,admin`). If you set multiple values, the JWT must have at least one required audience. This parameter corresponds to the [`aud` claim of the JWT](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`required_audience` | The name of the audience that the JWT must specify. You can set a single value (for example, `project1`) or multiple comma-separated values (for example, `project1,admin`). If you set multiple values, the JWT must have at least one required audience. This parameter corresponds to the [`aud` claim of the JWT](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3).
```
